Root hash signature verification v2 (#634)
sigstore/sigstore-python: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> * `sigstore verify` now verifies signature timestamps with hashes signed
>   by Rekor.
>   ([#634](https://github.com/sigstore/sigstore-python/pull/634))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `sigstore verify` now performs additional verification of Rekor's inclusion proofs by cross-checking them against signed checkpoints
  ([#634](https://github.com/sigstore/sigstore-python/pull/634))
```
